
Context:
"I am creating a On-Cloud (AWS) video-game in C, the problem is I'm very short on time, so I need your help to finish it. The game is a variant of "Exploding Kittens", this is a 2 to 5 players game, I will explain the objective of the game (Win/Lose conditions):
- At the end of the player turn if the card he draws from the deck is an "exploding kitten" he loses the game, BUT if that player has a "Deactivation" on hand he loses the "Deactivation" and has the right to *hide* the "Exploding kitten" card back into the deck in any position he wants to. If that player dose not have a "Deactivation" card he loses the game. If the another player grabs a "Exploding kitten" and that makes him lose the game, and they were the only two players left, the last player standing wins the game.
I will explain the cards and the amount of cards there are:
(4) Exploding Kitten: If a player draws this card from the deck he loses the game.
(6) Deactivation: Every player starts the game with 1 "Deactivation" card. If a player draws a "Exploding kitten" instead of losing the game, he plays the "Deactivation" card and then puts the "Exploding kitten" back into the deck in ANY position the player chooses to.
(4) Attack: The turn of the player is skipped (Dose not draw card) and the next player will have to play 2 turns instead of 1. This card can be stacked, meaning if the player that gets 2 turns has also an "Attack" card he can play it and give the next player 4 turns instead.
(4) Skip: The turn of the player is skipped (Dose not draw a card).
(4) Favor: The player selects another player the selected player chooses a card from his hand and gives it to the player.
(4) Shuffle: The deck is shuffled.
(5) Future Sight: The player *sees* the top 3 cards from the deck (In order).
(5) Nao: The player rejects any card (Excluding "Exploding kitten" and "Deactivation") and the card loses its effects (Example: If player 1 plays a "Skip" card and player 2 plays a "Nao" card, instead of skipping player 1's turn the effect of the card is negated and Player 1 keeps playing).
(4) Taco: If the player has 2 of this card (Needs to play both cards) he can steal a card at random from a selected player.
(4) Mellon: If the player has 2 of this card (Needs to play both cards) he can steal a card at random from a selected player.
(4) Potato: If the player has 2 of this card (Needs to play both cards) he can steal a card at random from a selected player.
(4) Bread: If the player has 2 of this card (Needs to play both cards) he can steal a card at random from a selected player.
(4) Apple: If the player has 2 of this card (Needs to play both cards) he can steal a card at random from a selected player.
Now that you understand what cards there are and the objective of the game we can proceed. I am using sockets to communicate between the server and the client. I will attach my current client.c and server.c files I will also attach my functions.h and functions.c files (My personal library that I created, it is cleaner and modular) and the makefile."


Fixes to be made:
* When a Nao card is played the effects of the negated card are still played.
* When a game is finished and the players try to create a new lobby, they get the same room_id, then when trying to enter the room the game crashes
* Name and description of the cards should also be on both languages (And changable inside the code not in the interface).

TO DO list:
- Subir la caga a la nube
- Hacer una version web <- podria ser una web que solamente se conecte a una EC2 con multiples clientes (multiples en caso de necesitar escalar max 10 clientes por ejemplo, dependiendo de las capacidades)???
- QR para conectarse a la version web
